content/pages/home.md, before:

---
title: ""
date: 2019-08-30T17:26:12-06:00
draft: false
url: "/home/"
---

{{< imagecover >}}

{{< countdownclock >}}

{{< twitter >}}

# BSides is coming to Boulder!

Good news everybody....

[Our COVID-19 Updates](/pages/covid19/)

**TL;DR; YES BSIDESBOULDER IS STILL HAPPENING ON OCT 10, 2020**

Check out our [schedule](/schedule/)...

BSides is coming to Boulder... in spite of the COVID-19.  We are still at it and
with our new scheduled date we are looking to put on a good event no matter what
happens.  We know that right now everyone has the virus at the forefront of their
mind, we wanted to push the event to a time where there is the possibility for
us all to gather in person.  In the end if that isn't possible then the show
will go on.

Since this is our first event we didn't want to go full virtual without there
being a change to make sure that we were fully prepared for that to happen, now
we have contingency plans in place to make sure that we are going to be able to
offer you a good experince no matter what happens.

## How you will view the Conference 

If you have registered with eventbrite, before the event you will get a link to
the two streams.  They will be hosted over Youtube so that we make sure we have
the best oppertunity to get the best quality out to the highest number of
people.

## How can I participate?

So glad that you asked, we will be hosting several channels in the BSidesBoulder
discord server.  We are going to work to have all of the elements to bring it as
close to the in person experince as we could get without having actual people in
a building.

## Volunteering

If you are interested in helping out to make this become a reality... we need
your help.  Check out [Volunteer Page](/volunteers/)

Commit message:

Update the information on how to participate in the conference.
Embed the link to the YouTube channel, and make it a little clearer that
you don't need to register via Eventbrite in order to view the
conference.

content/pages/home.md, after:

---
title: ""
date: 2019-08-30T17:26:12-06:00
draft: false
url: "/home/"
---

{{< imagecover >}}

{{< countdownclock >}}

{{< twitter >}}

# BSides is coming to Boulder!

Good news everybody....

[Our COVID-19 Updates](/pages/covid19/)

**TL;DR; YES BSIDESBOULDER IS STILL HAPPENING ON OCT 10, 2020**

Check out our [schedule](/schedule/)...

BSides is coming to Boulder... in spite of the COVID-19.  We are still at it and
with our new scheduled date we are looking to put on a good event no matter what
happens.  We know that right now everyone has the virus at the forefront of their
mind, we wanted to push the event to a time where there is the possibility for
us all to gather in person.  In the end if that isn't possible then the show
will go on.

Since this is our first event we didn't want to go full virtual without there
being a change to make sure that we were fully prepared for that to happen, now
we have contingency plans in place to make sure that we are going to be able to
offer you a good experince no matter what happens.

## How can I participate?

We will be streaming the conference on YouTube Live, via [our YouTube
channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRUmseZMk79gcQdNga3DEHQ).
Additionally, folks who signed up and donated to the event via Eventbrite (now
closed) will be given access to the BSides Boulder Discord server to chat and to
ask the speakers questions. We're working to have all of the elements to bring
BSides as close to the in-person experience as possible!

## Volunteering

If you are interested in helping out to make this become a reality... we need
your help.  Check out [Volunteer Page](/volunteers/)
